Aloha everyone well okay here we go
we're going to pass the
we're going to go a different route
today you agree auto haven't seen one of
those in a while ok so
remember a few weeks back one of my
friends Alan he came over from
California from San Jose to come back
and visit his dad and I loaned him my
car yeah he's the guy that he's one of
the guys that just bought a sports car
this his birthday and he treated himself
that's what happens when you get to a
certain age and you got lots of money so
you started buying stupid stuff well I
guess that happens I guess you don't
have to be a certain age you start
buying stupid stuff whenever you have on
whenever you have money so so um anyway
anyway he just bought out he just bought
a Porsche I forget some limited edition
thing where it was worth there's just a
lot of money so but anyway uh what I
wanted to say was when when Allen had
always been into sports cards and he had
purchased a they purchased a rx7 and
you know it's a rotary engine and he had
it popped up with twin turbos and I mean
he would had this this thing on steroids
it I think it was originally in the 40s
or the 40,000 or whatever it was a
limited edition and he had he had put in
he put it I think a good fifteen
thousand into it to hop it up twin turbo
tit rims sound systems tuning muffler
the works and then or and then he drove
it for a few years and he had logs about
100,000 miles on it and you know I got
to see the car but I never got to ride
it because he had always been modifying
it and always throwing money into it so
very recently he put in you put in like
another twelve thousand into the car
okay so okay okay so not to bore you
with the details but the the deal would
deal with that was you know it was like
his baby his little looks like his
girlfriend actually and so and and it
really was one of these Ferrari killers
he he could he could he could outpace a
lot of sports cars because wrong
because because of how hopped up and
modified it was so there was this big
ride right there's this big arc 7 ride
where a whole bunch of RX evans get
together in a big Caravan like I think
it was 5050 car 50 to 60 cars whatever
it was and they went through they went
through I forget where from from what
the run was what they're going south
down to LA from from San Jose along the
coast and his car caught on fire yeah
there's some it was they suspect it was
a kink fuel line and like drink during
maintenance it had been scuffed or
kinked and it broke so so here's Alan's
car right his little baby on fire and if
he has he takes out the fire
extinguisher and he empties it but he
doesn't get to put it out and the fire
just continues and grows and grows
finally it engulfs the whole car it
melts his rims it melts is the glass it
warps it just it just takes the whole
car it's gone the whole car is gone
right and amongst the rx7 writers in the
Bay Area you know Ellen is a pretty
charismatic guy and
he has a lot of friends so everybody
pretty much knows him or has heard of
him or has raised him okay so they know
about the car and about Alan and so so a
lot of photos were put up online okay
okay
you
and one of our friends are one of
actually one of his friends he decided
you know what he's going to um he's
going to photoshop the thing so he so
amongst the gallery of photos he took he
took a little Godzilla picture and put
it up in the photo and had Godzilla um
torch it with it you know called
Godzilla spits flames out of his mouth
okay so and it was well done to it look
it looked pretty good i mean this world
of course this guy was a he was a
graphics professional right that's what
he does for a living and and so so you
know we all had a good laugh okay you
know turn on turn the lemon into
lemonade right okay so so we all have a
good laugh and funny thing about that is
you know everybody's yucking it up but
just recently it got spotted by I think
it ended up being in being in the
magazine the January that's the
photograph of Godzilla torching his car
ended up being in car and driver
magazine january january 2007 and it
made the 10 best ten best list I think
it's on page 70 but anyway I thought
that was really funny that you know
there's a this photo made made national
coverage
yeah go see it you'll see it if you guys
get a chance or search for search for it
on the rx7 forums and and you'll see the
you'll see the Godzilla photo shoot if I
dig it up i'll i'll try to a problem
i'll try to photoshop each other see
what i can do by photo editing it into
the into the video my video has my Adobe
my adobe elements premiere elements I
think it's on the last leg it's on the
last day so I'm going to have to buy it
or do something else with it I'm
starting to like adobe elements much
much much more than pinnacle I think
pinnacles like so much harder to use and
elements elements has its problems as
far as as far as if you if you are put
together multiple clips there's a
there's a lag well after it compiles it
there's a there's a there's a there's a
lag between the sound in the video and
and I think once you upload it to
youtube it compiles to flash and then it
really becomes a lag so maybe I should
compile it to flash video and then
upload it to YouTube I don't know we'll
see
you